Update migrating guide for SSR (#6601)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/migrating/hooks-migration.md

## Server-side rendering

> The `getDataFromTree` and `renderToStringWithData` React SSR functions are bundled with Apollo Client If you want to use these functions, you'll need to importe these from `@apollo/client/react/ssr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getDataFromTree`, `getMarkupFromTree`, and `renderToStringWithData` React SSR functions are bundled with Apollo Client 3. If you want to use these functions, you'll need to import them from `@apollo/client/react/ssr`:
```
